Doc: Tips on how to list available JVMs using coursier (#3129)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/reference/cli-options.md

Aliases: `-j`

> Use a specific JVM, such as `14`, `adopt:11`, or `graalvm:21`, or `system`. scala-cli uses **cousier** to fetch JVMs, so you can use `cs java --available` to list the available JVMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a specific JVM, such as `14`, `adopt:11`, or `graalvm:21`, or `system`. scala-cli uses [coursier](https://get-coursier.io/) to fetch JVMs, so you can use `cs java --available` to list the available JVMs.
```

Author: Updated thanks!
